I will try this task from the south cried
in 1801
or buy kidnapping cartridges and
and proximity mines have already been
many types already please
I want a clean career is without bumps
low then blow was missing yes and
explosives
companions
that you are a woman
then in the bread
has come is a prick I've talked about
she
because now it's about to go slow and
slow and go slow god
why will you tell me what the fuck
it is called in spite of the protagonism that
you can call him the protagonist son
of whore
you could say it's man
it goes through my house because there will be
that happens to you I understand
we
what do you say where to go?
Wait , I'm left with all this
my god I just stamped with the
shit
here there should not be a ramp here and
me so that point is here and there
up does not fuck you
look here
To you I'll do
love and respect
It's a little gift not so much
he was here towards big pim pam
you are telling me now it is quite
advanced
look
I just threw a c4 looking back
that has eaten the face
I was already flying
several days that is intractable with the
40 and quite
making a monster and it was already
getting into the winner or winner as
a champion
I just say that to go last I go
first that I say that I'm touching
with absolutely all the angles of
map and by difference
you walk stratus I thought you have me
afraid because he knows he now knows
four chapels
from his father all the anger
and even with the beach again for sure
but he has said insurance
let's say you like waters of reading for you
hard reading because he has put a t 4
to read it
I was hit by that shit so I did not
I get it
what is a smoking prohibited sign
knows what a forbidden sign is
smoke son of a bitch do it happen
Slow down the bastard so they do not
right eye
son of a bitch do not worry no no
Now that you want to look forward
go boy
or not
I thought your corpse was going to give me a boy
or mouth 4 of miracle
if you get to fall well and re mega boots
court
but of course I've seen your flight
corpse towards the point of the goal and I say
that his body wins me and everything